=head1 NAME

Config::Model::models::LCDd::glcd - Configuration class LCDd::glcd

=head1 VERSION

version 2.040

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Configuration classes used by L<Config::Model>

generated from LCDd.conf

=head1 Elements

=head2 Brightness

Set brightness of the backlight if the backlight is switched 'on'.

[default: 1000]I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '800'.  >> 

=head2 CellSize

Width and height of a character cell in pixels. This value is only used if
the driver has been compiled with FreeType and it is enabled. Otherwise the
default 6x8 cell is used.I<< Optional. Type uniline. upstream_default: '12x16'.  >> 

=head2 ConnectionType

Select what type of connection. See documentation for types.I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: 't6963'.  >> 

=head2 Contrast

Set the initial contrast if supported by connection type.

[default: 600]I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '600'.  >> 

=head2 KeyMap_A

Assign key strings to keys. There may be up to 16 keys numbered 'A' to 'Z'.
By default keys 'A' to 'F' are assigned Up, Down, Left, Right, Enter, Escape.I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: 'Up'.  >> 

=head2 KeyMap_B

I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: 'Down'.  >> 

=head2 KeyMap_C

I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: 'Enter'.  >> 

=head2 KeyMap_D

I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: 'Escape'.  >> 

=head2 KeyRepeatDelay

Time (ms) from first key report to first repeat. Set to 0 to disable repeated
key reports. 
[default: 500]I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '500'.  >> 

=head2 KeyRepeatInterval

Time (ms) between repeated key reports. Ignored if KeyRepeatDelay is disabled
(set to zero). 
[default: 300]I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '300'.  >> 

=head2 OffBrightness

Set brightness of the backlight if the backlight is switched 'off'. Set this
to zero to completely turn off the backlight. 
[default: 0]I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '100'.  >> 

=head2 Port

t6963: Parallel port to use 
[default: 0x378]I<< Optional. Type uniline. upstream_default: '0x378'.  >> 

=head2 Size

Width and height of the display in pixel. The supported sizes may depend on
the ConnectionType. 
[default: 128x64]I<< Optional. Type uniline. upstream_default: '128x64'.  >> 

=head2 bidirectional

t6963: Use LPT port in bi-directional mode. This should work on most LPT port
and is required for proper timing! 
[default: yes]I<< Optional. Type boolean. upstream_default: 'yes'.  >> 

=head2 delayBus

t6963: Insert additional delays into reads / writes. 
[default: no]I<< Optional. Type boolean. upstream_default: 'no'.  >> 

=head2 fontHasIcons

Some fonts miss the Unicode characters used to represent icons. In this case
the built-in 5x8 font can used if this option is turned off. 
[default: no]I<< Optional. Type boolean. upstream_default: 'yes'.  >> 

=head2 normal_font

Path to font file to use for FreeType rendering. This font must be monospace
and should contain some special Unicode characters like arrows (Andale Mono
is recommended and can be fetched at http://corefonts.sf.net).I<< Optional. Type uniline. upstream_default: '/usr/local/lib/X11/fonts/TTF/andalemo.ttf'.  >> 

=head2 serdisp_device

serdisplib: The display device to use, e.g. serraw:/dev/ttyS0,
parport:/dev/parport0 or USB:07c0/1501.I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: '/dev/ppi0'.  >> 

=head2 serdisp_name

serdisplib: Name of the underlying serdisplib driver, e.g. ctinclud. See
serdisplib documentation for details.I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: 't6963'.  >> 

=head2 serdisp_options

serdisplib: Options string to pass to serdisplib during initialization. Use
this to set any display related options (e.g. wiring). The display size is
always set based on the Size configured above! By default, no options are
set.
Important: The value must be quoted as it contains equal signs!I<< Optional. Type uniline. upstream_default: 'INVERT=1'.  >> 

=head2 useFT2

If LCDproc has been compiled with FreeType 2 support this option can be used
to turn if off intentionally. 
[default: no]I<< Optional. Type boolean. upstream_default: 'yes'.  >> 

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<cme>

=back

=cut
